happy Friday to you guys I'm on my way
to Brooklyn it's only like my second
time ever to Brooklyn I live in
Manhattan and so I'm gonna take the
subway to Brooklyn hang out with some
cool friends Craig and a guy named
Jack's been in my meds icon he's from
like Australia or something so it should
be a fun event full day and I'm gonna
come back build some IKEA furniture and
my voice is still
we're gonna make it like a really
creative
the siliceous Craig did a great great
job picking out the place now we're
short on Brooklyn we have to go to one
place while we're here where are we
going look is it like the Lacroix tower
like we should type it into Google yes
we're going to fill the crow tower
we've found it all right Craig I'm gonna
buy you some Lacroix so it's just let's
take this entire pallet but I came here
for it make sure
this isn't a joke I'm hooking Gregg up
with these right Lucroy life yeah weird
calorie fries we that's really it got me
off of soda that's why it's so great
Jackson I'm leaving it up to you to
record an amazing epic lacroix like 10
seconds sequence so much pressure if I
could do I that's right okay it's up to
you
we here
how'd it go you know I think my acting
could have been better but I think
there's a lot of room for improvement
yeah sometimes you have to let it go
yeah yeah I feel like greens the right
color for you though no this
that's insane
yeah right now it's just in like follow
mode so it'll kind of just like
gradually move to where you point it so
this is like it's like the Jason Bourne
fun fact my dad used to work for
Microsoft and so I grew up in a home
that was always like halo halo halo halo
I was always the girl that people would
come to to get like the $60 halo game
for like $25 it's probably why I had
friends in middle school just because I
was a halo girl they were using me for
my the halo but yeah Craig how's it Xbox
we're gonna play some halo and hopefully
shoot I don't know what we're gonna
shoot for Craig's log but it'll be it'll
be exciting and pumps pumps I'm probably
terrible it used to be really good at
halo yeah I mean we'll see we'll see how
I do guys do you hear it
that that halo being music it's bringing
me back to like seventh grade seventh
grade that was how long ago is that so
that was like 2007 math so that that was
nine years ago
I was in seventh grade nine years ago
this is the first time Craig has ever
been drinking coconut with right
taking pretty good it's time ah okay
that's like totally cheating just finish
that the first team player we were on
the same team and we kind of our fourth
player didn't get any kills oh my gosh
so the only reason why we lost is cuz we
didn't even have a fourth player like
what the heck what the heck man
her final game Hannah we're gonna try to
like live streaming on periscope but
Craig is also recording what's going on
the screen so we're playing on there but
it's being recorded to here so we're
gonna set up my phone with my pop socket
on this thing then live record it from
here so the live stream will see me here
Craig here and then what we're playing
here I think this is setup is complete
the comeback kid so we just finished up
the live stream I be crying intense it
was he's just thinking about life it was
amazing now I'm just gonna go back and
build IKEA furniture all night long
then it was fun Brooklyn it was fun a
say peachy okay bye Dara welcome to New
York City you live here now you I live
here in New York City it's been real and
you finally made it to the beam page
cute.i yes I am in beam H Cheers Tribeca
yeah